State the implementation of HTML5 export for `user://` path in Data Paths (#5418)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/io/data_paths.rst

Linux, ``~/Library/Application Support/Godot/app_userdata/Name`` on macOS (since Catalina) and ``%APPDATA%/Name`` on Windows. ``Name`` is based on the application
name defined in the Project Settings, but you can override it on a per-platform
basis using :ref:`feature tags <doc_feature_tags>`.

> On web exports, ``user://`` will refer to a simulated filesystem stored on the
> device via indexedDB. (Interaction with the main filesystem can still be performed
> through the :ref:`JavaScript <class_JavaScript>` Singleton.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

On HTML5 exports, ``user://`` will refer to a virtual filesystem stored on the
device via IndexedDB. (Interaction with the main filesystem can still be performed
through the :ref:`JavaScript <class_JavaScript>` singleton.)
```
